this is another one of those sections that
premiere in the channel thanks to the
suggestion from one of the subscribers the
idea is that every so often they
I will be bringing the story of a guide
that has been around for a long time or that
has achieved great achievements in warm
whether they have armed themselves with very
difficult to get or until the fact
that they are great gates with many
active players and someday any
achievement that they have achieved as a clan
may be reasons to appear in this
section if you think your life deserves
appear in future installments of this
section sends the achievements of your guide in
a message from youtube and if I consider that
meet the characteristics that
I need to return a message asking
the photos like git and some information
Additional please be clear to the
time to send your good message after
of the above said that you think if
we start this section with the guild
oldest that has existed in warm like this
I'm talking about red rose
on December 7, 1998 at the time
little-inhabited antica server was created
unofficially
the clan called the red bulls
passed the time and in the year of 2002 skip
soft created the clans section in the
page of lukewarm dotcom so that
clan called red rose happened to be
officially considered and recognized in
the game as a good as I already
we had talked in another video the girl
red rose receives a gift from
the gods of tibia
I am speaking of course of the rose
jong that as we all know is an item
extremely rare because it was created
only in honor of this well also
as we already mentioned it was created
the russa armor that later became the
Noble armor we know today
this last one that I told you about the
noble armor is a rumor sincerely not
I can assure you that it is real or not
guild of course also receives one of
the first guides heights that have been
created in tibia which is in
figure
by the way according to rumors the city was
designed by a member of retro and the
gods fulfilled his wish and the
placed on the clear map a time
Then they modified some things
to make the figure we know today
in day in addition to many other things the
guide has become famous on the server
of antica for making events quite
entertaining as football events
festivals and other things
unfortunately many of the
official members no longer play lukewarm
then they retired for personal reasons
and that has made them not so
frequent the events of the guide as
before but that's not why we owe
discourage you may surprise us in
any time and there the red rose
has been in existence to this day 15
years and officially 11 years we will see
without thinking about the many stories that
some of the members of this guide we
they could tell the gent these days
still standing and active in the
antica server as we can see
section of jets on the page
tibia puntocom in the description of this
video I'll leave the page link
proust network officer there share
some of your things or make announcements
about future events for today is
everything remembers that you can follow me
on Facebook
and the links are in the
description of the video do not forget
follow me in tweets point of view for the
live broadcasts share your
achievements and exploits in tibi style other type
of my videos and some collaborations
in hexatlon links in the description of
video until after they have a good day
good afternoon or good night hai the warm
Y
ah